"x"
"1" "This is an amazing place to stay. Best Views of Grace Bay that go on and on! Sand is like powder, sun, water is turquoise and clear.  Swimming pool a bit chilly but didn’t stop us from using it. Can’t wait for 2020 vacation!"
"2" "The condo is spacious and beautiful.   We did a majority of our cooking in the condo I and was impressed with all the supplies they had.  

There is large screen enclosed porch, great for napping on the chaise and even able to eat on the...More"
"3" "We have vacationed at the Venetian several times in the past and our last visit over Christmas was as perfect and memorable as each of our previous stays!  

We are a family of 6 so the 3 bedroom condo units are perfect for us.  I...More"
"4" "We can't wait for you to return as well, thanks so much for choosing to spend the festive holidays with us and our team, we enjoyed it immensely.  Look forward to your return visit as well.  Thanks!"
"5" "I don't really have anything to say but \"Awesome\" when it comes to describing the accommodations at The Venetian.  The views from the balcony are amazing, the furniture on the balcony and in the unit are great, the beds are good, and the showers and...More"
"6" "Jeff, thanks for your review with us, this should be the 'Top 6 things to know when staying at The Venetian!'.  We enjoyed hosting you, and your family, please come back again soon."
"7" "The reviews are consistent, and they are accurate.  Our stay was flawless.  Selfishly I'd almost rather not boast about how great it is to keep it a quiet gem.  
We checked in to the kindest reception I've ever received, we were whisked up to our...More"
"8" "What a thorough and comprehensive review about your stay with us.  Thank you so very much for your honesty and detail in explaining about what our resort, staff and overall guest service philosophy is like.  Thank You, Thank You, Thank You!"
"9" "This is our eighth year vacationing in Provo.  We have stayed at many of the other properties on the island.  The Venetian was perfect on so many levels:

1. The water in front of the Venetian is extremely calm.  This is because the Venetian beach...More"
"10" "Thank you so very very much for taking your time to write such a detailed and thorough review of your vacation to Turks & Caicos and stay with us at The Venetian.  You've experienced what we try to accomplish every single time, i.e. a picture...More"
"11" "Absolutely loved our stay so beautiful couldn't fault the hotel at all. It's such a beautiful location all of the staff were very helpful and friendly. Would definitely go back to this hotel if I ever have the chance to"
"12" "Thanks so much, we certainly hope you have a chance to visit us again soon, and we're happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay so very much with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay!"
"13" "Thank you, Coleen and staff for such an amazing stay last week at the Venetian!  We stayed in the penthouse and felt SO pampered!  The view out each of our windows was AMAZING, the attention to detail within our condo was thoughtful and perfect. Each...More"
"14" "Thanks so much for your review of your stay with us - it was truly a pleasure to host you and we're very much looking forward to hosting you again soon."
"15" "The Venetian unit and property was beautiful and the staff was amazing (a big thank you to Colleen)!!! The location on Grace Bay is perfect. It was quiet and relaxing and the convenience of being steps away from the water was great. The water was...More"
"16" "Jeff, thank you so very much for your review, we're happy that you enjoyed our resort, facilities and beach!  Please come back again really really soon!"
"17" "Excellent location to relax and unwind. We traveled with another couple and shared a 2 bedroom/2 bath condo that was perfect! Rooms were spacious and felt like a home away from home. Spectacular views from our beachfront unit with a screened in porch, and the...More"
"18" "Great to read your review, and thanks so much for choosing to stay with us at The Venetian at Grace Bay, we're looking forward to your return visit."
"19" "We just returned from a one week stay at The Venetian and it was incredible. It exceeded all of our expectations. We stayed in unit 701 which was spacious, clean and had the most breathtaking views of Grace Bay beach. One of the unexpected bonuses...More"
"20" "We loved having you stay with us as well, and so happy to read your review and all of your wonderful comments about your vacation to our island paradise.  Thanks for choosing to stay with us at The Venetian, we will look forward to a...More"
"21" "We stayed at the Venetian for 4 nights after fleeing Grand Turk following the burglary of our airbnb. Terria, the Venetian property manager, was wonderful! We arrived later in the day and didn't have reservations, but after hearing our story, she immediately had a 2000...More"
"22" "We arrived on Provo after fleeing a robbery on Grand Turk that cut our vacation short by 6 days. We straggled up to the Venetian and Terria immediately took amazing care of us. She is attentive, prompt, kind, and very good at her job. The...More"
"23" "Thank you so much for your review and we're absolutely thrilled that you enjoyed your stay in our beautiful islands, at the Venetian at Grace Bay resort."
"24" "Stayed two years in a row for two weeks.  Just a wonderful spot.  No crowds, quiet, beautiful room, beach, pool.  Can't say enough.  The staff is very friendly always wanting to do something for you.  They provide bottled water at the beach and in your...More"
"25" "\"This is the best location on the island\" - is one of our most popular comments!  Thanks so much for your review."
"26" "We had a wonderful, relaxing, and quiet week at The Venetian.  The view of Grace Bay from our balcony was awesome.  The condo was immaculate & serviced daily.  The entire staff was courteous & helpful.
We rented a car & experienced wonderful dinners throughout the...More"
"27" "Thanks very much for your comments, we read your comments to our staff at our meeting and they appreciate you taking the time to write a review and mention them... thanks again!"
"28" "From the moment we arrived at the Venetian, we were surrounded by warm, friendly staff, fabulous weather (late November 2017), beautiful water, delicious food, and the best Pina Coladas (lunch - Provos Golf Club - across the street).  Our condo was on the ground floor...More"
"29" "That's great to hear Cynthia - you've experienced a perfect stay at our resort and beach destination.  We'll look forward to your return visit."
"30" "This was our 5th trip to Provo but the first time at this property.  It won’t be our last.  All condos have the same view-ocean front with huge screen porches.  We were in 402 and our condo was decorated beautifully.  It was clean and spacious....More"
"31" "Thank you Cindy for your lovely review of your stay with us.  We really enjoyed hosting you, and look forward to seeing you again very soon.

Best Regards from the islands."
"32" "Great location at the end of properties along Grace Bay.  The water/beach are simply amazing and pictures honestly don't do it justice.  The Venetian property was immaculate and you would not know the hurricanes went through just months prior to our visit if you didn't...More"
"33" "We're happy that you choose to stay with us on your dive/family trip - you're so right, we feel like we're perfectly setup for that.  Our location, amenities, service and beachfront area are all reasons why so many of our guests love staying with us....More"
"34" "THE VENETIAN IS AMAZING IN EVERY WAY!  From making our reservation to checking out, everything and everyone was top notch.  Coleen and Terria were helpful, thought of all the details, and assisted in helping us plan everything from grocery shopping to planning events.  The facilities...More"
"35" "Thank you so much for your review - you've highlighted some of our key attributes of why so many guests from all over the world stay with us and we're happy that we had a chance to host you.  Please come back again soon."
"36" "Another fantastic vacation at the Venetian.  Any damage has been repaired.  The staff  will take care of any of your needs... The room was immaculate and had everything we needed. The view from the living area and lanai up and down the beach is gorgeous....More"
"37" "\"Another fantastic vacation at The Venetian\" - what a great way to start your review!  Thanks for continuing to choose our resort as your home away from home, we're looking forward to seeing you again soon."
"38" "I don't even know where to begin with this beautiful resort. The Venetian at Grace Bay is perfection. From the moment we walked in the lobby and were greeted by the wonderful, gracious, kind, informative, friendly, helpful Terrea, we felt at home. She knew we...More"
"39" "Janet - we were so happy and pleased to read your review!  Our staff work very hard to ensure that all of our guests are comfortable and enjoy their stay with us, so glad to read that you experienced our hospitality.  It was so nice...More"
"40" "My family of 6 stayed in the Penthouse here last week.  It was an excelled stay.  Excellent location.  The condo was clean and perfect, and the views are amazing. The beach here is amazing.  You won't go wrong staying here.  Ornella was helpful both prior...More"
"41" "Thanks for writing a review of your stay with us - so glad that you enjoyed our penthouse oceanfront suite (agree that views and our beachfront are amazing!).  We very much enjoyed hosting you."
"42" "My family of 4, including boys ages 9 and 4, recently spent a week at The Venetian on Grace Bay in Turks and Caicos.  If a beach trip is the apple of your eye, I could not recommend this location and property more.  The staff...More"
"43" "Hi Dan - thank you so much for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay.  Your comments on our beachfront area, staff, location, amenities and hospitality service are very much appreciated and we're so...More"
"44" "We have stayed at several other grace bay resorts. But since finding the Venetian, we will not stay anywhere else. 
It location on the exquisite grace bay beach is perfect for us. It's at one end of the beach and next to an empty stretch...More"
"45" "So nice to read your review Heidi and we thoroughly enjoyed hosting you and your family.  We'll be looking out for your quick return again to our islands, thanks again for choosing to stay with us on Grace Bay."
"46" "First off the property is immaculately kept and matches the beach which is in pristine condition.  Collen was most helpful and the rest if the staff there were as well.  I would go back in a heartbeat!!!!  

If you are planning a quick getaway or...More"
"47" "Ok Anthony that's great and so glad that you had a great rest and relaxation and getaway with us.  See you soon!"
"48" "Just got back from 5 nights @The Venetian. WOW!! I did much research and based on other positive reviews on TripAdvisor this place  lived up to the hype. Coleen was great to work with in requesting 1st floor room for easier access to the beach....More"
"49" "Thanks for taking the time to write such a thorough and heartfelt review Steve.  Our hospitality team (everyone from housekeeping to the landscaping team) work hard to ensure that our guests have truly a memorable and first class experience when they choose to stay with...More"
"50" "What a wonderful, relaxing and beautiful location. The accommodations are spectacular - so spacious and beautifully decorated. We stayed in #604 which had 3 bedrooms and 3 ½ bathrooms with an extensive balcony overlooking the gorgeous beach. If you open the sliding door to the...More"
"51" "Great review Bonnie - and thanks for taking the time to write about your experience with us.  You've touched on some of our biggest assets including of course, the world famous Grace Bay beach.  What a pleasure to host you, come back soon."
"52" "We stayed in a 3 bedroom unit and it was wonderful.  I love the modern amenities and a good mix of modern and beach feel to the unit.  The view was excellent from the 6th floor.  We ate all our meals on the screened balcony....More"
"53" "\"I would not hesitate to come back\" - we love these words and look forward to hosting you again real soon!  Thanks for choosing to stay with us."
"54" "The Venetian did not disappoint at all, our time there was a home-away-from-home experience.  I love that we all feel so comfortable in the villa - we had ample room for anything whether its to read quietly on the huge balcony or play a board...More"
"55" "So nice to have met you Dendi - we enjoyed hosting you and glad that you enjoyed our amenities, beachfront area, hospitality and everything else.  Thanks for staying with us!"
"56" "We stayed here last week for the first time.   It is a condo complex.   Our unit was lovely - very new and spacious.   Two beds and 2.5 baths.   Large, new kitchen.  
No restaurants on property.   You can walk to the golf club across the street...More"
"57" "Thank you Jennifer for your lovely review.  We're happy that you enjoyed your vacation with us including our luxury oceanfront condos as our premiere quiet location along the beach.  Come back again soon."
"58" "We had the opportunity to stay at the Venetian resort on a recent trip to Providenciales. We booked a three bedroom suite overlooking Grace Bay. The accommodations were exceptional. All the necessities in a well appointed suite. The fully furnished balcony overlooking Grace Bay is...More"
"59" "Thanks for writing such a wonderful review of your stay with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay  - it was truly a pleasure to host you.. Come back again soon."
"60" "Amazing rooms, perfectly cared for grounds, great amenities....loved our stay....will be back!  Especially loved the huge screened in balconies.....we were able to enjoy the evening sounds of the ocean, drink some good wine, and not have to worry about the bugs."
"61" "Thank you Linda - we're so happy to read that you enjoyed our grounds, amenities and balconies, enjoying relaxing evenings is part of what makes a stay with us memorable and enjoyable."
"62" "Our family of 5 adults stayed for 10 wonderful days in late January 2017.  The Venetian is a real gem! Our 6th floor end unit was luxurious and spacious with amazing views from the huge screened balcony.  We loved the quiet and privacy of being...More"
"63" "How lovely to read that you've thoroughly enjoyed your stay with us, and enjoyed our ambiance, amenities, island destination and most of all our hospitality.  We'd love for you to return, again and again.  Thanks for taking the time to write this glowing review -...More"
"64" "Just returned from 5 days at the Venetian. This was a surprise gift to my wife for her birthday. Suite #302 at the Venetian \"blew us away\" from the time we arrived until the moment we left, our stay was perfect. Terria, Coleen and Ornella...More"
"65" "Ash - we're happy that your surprised gift turned out so well, what a wonderful way to spend her birthday.  Our resort and its amenities and features were designed and built to celebrate life's most precious moments, so we're thrilled to know that it all...More"
"66" "We stayed here for a week in a 3 bedroom condo. The condo was an end unit on the 2nd floor, which was equipped with everything we needed to enjoy our vacation. The 2nd floor was also nice because we didn't need to wait for...More"
"67" "Thanks very much for writing a review about our resort - we're happy to hear that you've enjoyed your stay with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay."
"68" "It never gets boring to rave about The Venetian. This was our fifth visit, and we're already booked for next year. Why do we keep coming back? The staff is fabulous. They will do whatever you need to feel welcome and totally comfortable. The units...More"
"69" "WWK - we're happy that you're happy and we want to make sure you continue to make you happy - so we're looking forward to your next visit again!  Thanks for taking the time to describe how you feel about our resort - we appreciate...More"
"70" "The accommodations were beautiful and well maintained. Every comfort of home was available.

The beach and pool were impeccably tended. 

The gym facilities were complete and clean.

The management were attentive and represented an in-house concierge service on property.

Would love to stay there again!More"
"71" "We're happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you felt comfortable, and cared for.  We take a lot of pride in our facility so glad that you enjoyed it so much.  Be sure to come back soon for another visit...More"
"72" "Just returned from 4 days in TCI staying at the beautiful Venetian.The Trip was a gift to my spouse for a milestone birthday. The Venetian \"blew her away\" ;fantastic Condo accommodation, small resort, high-end rent,very modern,terrific layout and setting,ocean views, great service, gigantic fully-equipped  units...More"
"73" "So happy to read your review and that you and your wife totally enjoyed your stay with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay for her special birthday.  Blissful quiet, modern units, great service, wonderful escape.... these are all really great way to describe the...More"
"74" "One of the Most Luxurious and Beautiful Places to stay. From the time you arrive and (never want to) Leave you are treated to the best place to stay. Beautiful & Clean Condo, Wonderful Staff and most gorgeous Views. No Doubt the Top Rated Beach...More"
"75" "We booked a last minute vacation to Turks in April and were lucky the Venetian had an opening. This is an incredible resort. Our unit was impeccably furnished and designed, gorgeous screened in balcony overlooking the ocean (all units have oceanfront views!) and the beach...More"
"76" "Thanks so much for taking the time to post your review about your recent stay with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay - we're thrilled to know that our staff and resort met and exceeded your every expectation, and we'll look forward to seeing...More"
"77" "This was our first trip to Turks and Caicos islands. Wow was it great!! We were greeted by Shawnemae with a big smile and a hug. She was the greatest!!!! She escorted us slowly  around the grounds and to our room. She took time to...More"
"78" "It's wonderful to have read your review and our staff is so grateful that you've taken the time to provide feedback.  It was indeed our pleasure to have hosted you and we'll look forward to your return trip to our island paradise."
"79" "The property is located at the north end of Grace Bay, where development tapers off. Very quiet and serene location. Our unit (402) was beautifully decorated and well supplied. Beach access is easy and chairs/ umbrella are provided."
"80" "Thanks kindly for posting your review about your stay with us - we're glad that you had a great vacation!"
"81" "We loved The Venetian!  We stayed on the third floor in a three bedroom unit for our family of five.  The view was amazing and the screened balcony was wonderful.  Our children are 16, 18 and 21 and we wanted a week on the beach...More"
"82" "What a great review about your recent vacation with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay - thank you thank you thank you for writing it, we'll be sharing it with the staff at our next team huddle (favorite part of our meetings is to...More"
"83" "We stayed on the 1st floor at the Venetian on our 2nd visit to the property. We have been to Providenciales four times the past 6 years. Colleen, Ornella and the entire Venetian team were very attentive in making sure we enjoyed our stay. We...More"
"84" "That's great that you enjoyed yet another great vacation with us at The Venetian - it was lovely to see you again.  Thanks for making particular mention of our staff and our key location on Grace Bay beach.  We look forward to your third visit!"
"85" "Our group of six had a wonderful stay at this resort...idyllic beach and gorgeous, clean apartment...what more could anyone ask for.
As previously mentioned, this resort is quiet and very residential.  It really feels like your own home away from home.  Highly recommend it."
"86" "Thank you Jane for your lovely review and recommendation for others to stay with us at The Venetian on Grace Bay - we appreciate it very much."
